basics
--------------

Program for maximum of 3 numbers
Write a program to read Employee data from the keyboard and print that data.
Write a program to read 3 float numbers from the keyboard with , seperator and print
their sum.
How to read multiple values from the keyboard in a single line
Write a Program to display Command Line Arguments

flow control
---------
Write a program to take a single digit number from the key board and print is value in
English word?
Write a program to find biggest of given 3 numbers from the commad prompt
Write a program to display *'s in pyramid style(also known as equivalent triangle
write a Program to display all positions of substring in a given main string
Write a Program to reverse order of words.
Write a program to print characters at odd position and even position for the given
String?
Write a program to sort the characters of the string and first alphabet symbols
followed by numeric values
Write a program to remove duplicate characters from the given input string?

Data structure
----------------
Write a program to display unique vowels present in the given word?
Write a program to print different vowels present in the given word?
Write a program to enter name and percentage marks in a dictionary and
display information on the screen
Write a program to take dictionary from the keyboard and print the sum
of values using dict
Write a program to find number of occurrences of each letter present in
the given string using dict 
Write a program to accept student name and marks from the keyboard
and creates a dictionary. Also display student marks by taking student name
as input
Write a Python Function to find factorial of given number with recursion.
Write a program to create a lambda function to find square of given
number
Lambda function to find sum of 2 given numbers
Lambda Function to find biggest of given values.
Program to filter only even numbers from the list by using filter()
function?
Write a program To generate first n numbers



Write a program to check whether the given file exists or not. If it is
available then print its content
Program to print the number of lines,words and characters present in the
given file
Program to read image file and write to a new image file
Write a program to display all contents of Current working directory including sub directories
Writing Multiple Employee Objects to the file
Program to call Parent class constructor by using super():




















